Miss Smelly
You find me
master
This person is the Xiao Junyu I told you about.
Today he came to the door by himself
I hope you can help me get rid of him
A small trick
Now I have entered the realm of the grandmaster
Why does this man look so much like Lord Queen's Landing?
That's not possible.
Adult is me
Gave the final blow after King's Landing from behind
He can't be alive.
Master Hu, what's wrong with you?
young man
You just heard Miss Chu tell me to kill you
Kill me, you have to have that ability too
Do you have the ability?
Take my palm and know my palm
30 years of hard work
Better to be mentally prepared
Grandmaster conductor
Once you make a move, it will be devastating.
Xiaojun, you have to die
he
I never expected to see a grandmaster in my life
It's You
Who are you?
Dog thing, you didn't recognize me yet